README.md, before:

# Example Theme - Narrow Jumbotron

> This is an example status page theme for use with your [Sorry](http://www.sorryapp.com) account based on [Bootstrap's Narrow Jumbotron example](http://getbootstrap.com/examples/jumbotron-narrow/).
>
> Whilst this is a production ready theme you're more than welcome to use, you'll probably want to use this as a basis for your own theme, or as a learning resource for getting your head around theme development.
>
> **For more details on theme development, read our [Theme documenation](http://docs.sorryapp.com/themes)**.

## Getting started

1. <a href="https://github.com/supporttime/theme-example-narrow-jumbotron/archive/master.zip">Download</a> the latest version
2. or clone the git repo: <code>git clone https://github.com/supporttime/theme-example-narrow-jumbotron</code>

## Contributing

In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Versioning

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, This project will be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit <http://semver.org/>.

## Authors & Contributors

**Robert Rawlins**

+ <http://twitter.com/sirrawlins>
+ <https://github.com/SirRawlins>

**Robin Geall**

+ <http://twitter.com/robingeall>

## Copyright

Copyright & 2014 Support Time Limited. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Added basic instructions for manual deployment of the theme.

README.md, after:

# Example Theme - Narrow Jumbotron

> This is an example status page theme for use with your [Sorry](http://www.sorryapp.com) account based on [Bootstrap's Narrow Jumbotron example](http://getbootstrap.com/examples/jumbotron-narrow/).
>
> Whilst this is a production ready theme you're more than welcome to use, you'll probably want to use this as a basis for your own theme, or as a learning resource for getting your head around theme development.
>
> **For more details on theme development, read our [Theme documenation](http://docs.sorryapp.com/themes)**.

## Getting started

1. <a href="https://github.com/supporttime/theme-example-narrow-jumbotron/archive/master.zip">Download</a> the latest version
2. or clone the git repo: <code>git clone https://github.com/supporttime/theme-example-narrow-jumbotron</code>

## Deploying The Theme

### Manually Upload The Zip

The simplest option if you don't wish to make any changes to the theme is to upload the [zip file found in the dist folder](dist/theme.zip) through your user interface of your Sorry account.

**If you make any changes you'll need to rezip your theme before you upload it, [as per our guide](http://docs.sorryapp.com/getting-started/uploading-your-theme.html).**

## Contributing

In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Versioning

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, This project will be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit <http://semver.org/>.

## Authors & Contributors

**Robert Rawlins**

+ <http://twitter.com/sirrawlins>
+ <https://github.com/SirRawlins>

**Robin Geall**

+ <http://twitter.com/robingeall>

## Copyright

Copyright & 2014 Support Time Limited. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
